So how much fat will do I do in a year? This this again would be broken
up into. You know, when you're on a ship, you're not. You're underway
with the ship and the ship travels. U percent don't travel too much
when you're in ship's company on ship's company because you're traveling
with trip. Now the ship get underway and go in the Western
Pacific, where you go into the Mediterranean and you see all these ports.
And that's a lot of great fun and a lot of great travel on it's
still goes back to John Paul Jones and joined the Navy and see the
world lives a lot of fun, a lot of travel. Are you traveling with your
with your ship? Um, when you ensure duty, that could be different.
That could be depending about where you go for your shore duty. Um,
it could be a little more. There could be a lot of travel. Um, on
one of my short tours, I was at the Naval Postgraduate School. I really
didn't travel too much there. I did travel twice to do work associated
with my thesis, so I had a thesis research. I travel a little
bit. Thio Washington and to the Midwest for two sores, Um, for my
other tour short tour. I was assigned to the Office of Military Affairs
at the Central Television, and I did a lot of exercises. Well, these
were worldwide global exercises, so, frankly, a lot of lot of travel
there. So if you're looking forward to a lot of trouble when your
shorty you want to look for an exercise shop, get you around and
you'll get to go to a lot of conferences. A lot of exercise is a lot
of travel, so it can be had. You can do a lot of travel or you can
not do a lot of trouble. Depends on your choices that it depends on
how you execute those choices.